Only values, not variables, have types... (#36824)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/types.md

  * There is no meaningful concept of a "compile-time type": the only type a value has is its actual
    type when the program is running. This is called a "run-time type" in object-oriented languages
    where the combination of static compilation with polymorphism makes this distinction significant.
  * Only values, not variables, have types -- variables are simply names bound to values, although for 

>     simplicity we often say "type of a variable". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    simplicity we may say "type of a variable" as shorthand for "type of the value to which a variable refers."
```
